##Building for one device can be a good way to loose users.

Responsive design is a key principle to the way web design is approached today.  It is a good start in including users with other devices to be able to use your website with the same standard of user experience as your desktop site. We are in an age now where more people then ever are accessing the web on the go, which means in order to involve more users you need to have a site that works for everyone on any device. Obviously looking nice on all devices is great but we need to focus on more then just that. 

In my opinion responsive design can also loose you users and cost you money. We can’t just focus on responsiveness. We have to focusing on what I call responsive content. More research and thought needs to go into find out what content people want to access whilst they are on the go. Not just to those, that are sat down at their laptop or desktop, ready to devote more time and concentration into finding what they are looking for.

In my redesign I want to change the type of content that you are able to access on mobile device. For example on the desktop the search page will have filters for the people that want to see what courses that are available with a curtain field but for mobile users that filters feature will not be there. My idea behind this is that people that are searching for a course on a university website, from a desktop, are ready to put a lot of time into finding the perfect course for them.  With these additional search features they will be able to see all the courses that suit their needs.  People that will access the site via a mobile will know what they are looking for or accessing information they have previously seen.
