#Is homepage is the most important page?

Since I began designing web pages I had always assumed that the homepage was the most important page.  When starting the design process I would instant think of the homepage because it can be very daunting to think about designing the main content pages because there could be 100's of them whereas there is only 1 homepage. A positive to designing a homepage first is that it seems to be able to lay down a good design foundation making your pages feel and aesthetics consistent.

I think that the idea of it being the most important was rooted from the principle of first impressions not just in design but in a everyday/life situation. For example in an job interview or when you meet someone for the first time you only give a little snippet of your actual self but it seems that the little information you give might be some small example of what best describes your personality. It was only after I started really thinking about the theory of websites that I realised that the homepage was just a page that you want people to really navigate off of. In most cases people don't come to a website to view a homepage. If you have a good homepage people will move quickly away from the homepage onto the content that they are really searching for. That leads to, what makes a good homepage?

In my opinion a good homepage is, broadly speaking, a navigation page.  It is a page that can organise and present the most important content in brief sentences or links so people can find what they are looking for quickly and easily.  That is a idea that some great homepages are "link-rich", a great example of this would be [craigslist](craigslist.co.uk).

A good way to create a great homepage that you don't spend the majority of your time designing is to think why users are going to your website, what is the main reason for them to come to your website. Then articulate that information and present a gateway to that information in the means of a homepage.
