#Project Summary

At the beginning of this project I had numerous goals that I wanted to achieve by the end. The one that meant the most to me at the time was using this project as a way of impressing a university that I was interested in going to after my degree course was over.  After visiting Korea and seeing the university that idea changed. This also meant my goals changed. The main goal after that was to get a much better understanding of so actually programming languages. I had a rough idea about the logic of jquery before but never really applied that knowledge.  Another goal I had was to improve my aesthetic composition; this also got pushed aside because I really wanted to focus on the function of the site over the initial look. I think that my goals changed for a good reason. I feel I have learnt a lot more in this project now that my goals were more out of my comfort zone. 

During this project I have learnt a huge amount more about the logic that is required to create efficient code, by deleting functions and incorporating that function within another to save on lines of code and computer power required to drive it.  I have also learnt that you can use jquery and php in conjunction with each other by using the various pre-mapped functions available.  The main thing that I have learnt from doing this project is not just to focus on the homepage but really think, “what does the user really want to find on this site. Then with that in mind I designed around that idea. I realised that for my university site the main peace of content people want to find is what courses are available. I focused purely on this function trying to come up with a way for a user to very easily access the course database and find what they were looking for.

My biggest obstacle was the lack of knowledge I had for Jquery and PHP. To overcome this I actively searched for help, which helped tremendously but I feel I should have tried to overcome this with a little less help. I learn a lot better whilst making mistakes and overcoming them but it can also be demoralising when nothing seems to want to work.

I want to carry on with this site as a hobby and get some real content on there with the rest of the pages populated. It would be such a great achievement to have a university site to add to my portfolio that I created from scratch that can also be updated and edited by the university them selves. If I do manage to complete the site I will be showing it to the university and hopefully they will like it and score me some brownie points. 

If I were to do this project again I don’t think I would change anything other then creating more content and getting a almost complete product in the time we had. All in all I am very happy with the search feature on my site and I am vary glad my goals changed into some that are a lot more beneficial. 
 

